.TH glypfig 1

NAME
    glypfig – The icon library workflow for Figma

SYNOPSIS
    glypfig [options]

DESCRIPTION
    Glypfig is a CLI tool that allows generating images and/or UI components from existing Figma design assets.

EXAMPLES
    npx glypfig --apikey <figma-api-key> --filekey <figma-file-key> --nodeid <icon-frame-node-id>

OPTIONS
    --apikey, -a
        Personal access token generated to authenticate with Figma API.  string

    --filekey, -k
        The unique file key of a Figma project.  string

    --nodeid, -n
        The Node ID of a container i.e. frame on a Figma page.  string

    --format, -f
        The output format(s) to generate including jpg, pdf, png, svg and react. Default 'png,svg,react'.  string

    --output, -o
        The directory path where to generate the icon library. Default 'icon-library'.  string

    --silent, -s
        Enables running without logging unless errors occur.  boolean

    --optimize, -p
        Optimizes the generated image files with imagemin.  boolean

    --template, -t
        The template format(s) for generating UI components. Includes jsx and tsx. Default 'jsx'.  string

    --path, -h
        The template file path to a custom UI component template. Default './templates/react-jsx.eta'.  string

    --license, -l
        The file path to a custom license file. Pass empty string for MIT license template. Default './templates/LICENSE.txt'.  string

    --jpgscale, -b
        The image size scale of exported JPG files. Accepts values between 0.01 - 4.  string

    --pngscale, -c
        The image size scale of exported PNG files. Accepts values between 0.01 - 4.  string

BUGS
    Bugs are tracked in GitHub Issues: https://github.com/laitine/glypfig/issues

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright Glypfig contributors. Glypfig is available under the Apache 2.0 license.

    Glypfig also includes external libraries that are available under a variety of licenses.  See https://github.com/laitine/glypfig/blob/HEAD/LICENSE for the full license text.

SEE ALSO
    Website: https://laitine.github.io/glypfig

    GitHub repository and issue tracker: https://github.com/laitine/glypfig

AUTHORS
    Listing of contributors: https://github.com/laitine/glypfig/graphs/contributors
